Materials and methods
1.Microarray data 
Selected from March 2016 to November 2018 in Beijing Bo'ai Hospital, 8 patients with KOA inpatients were selected as the research objects, and 8 patients with knee fractures were used as controls. The current criteria for diagnosing KOEA are from the diagnostic criteria reference book published by the American Association for Rheumatology Research. Inclusion criteria for the experimental group (EG): (1) Han nationality, born in the region, and living and working in the region for more than 20 years; (2) meeting the diagnostic criteria for knee osteoarthritis; (3) aged between 40 to the age of 70; (4) Volunteers participating in this study need to sign an informed consent form. At the same time, the personnel required for this study should not have criteria Exclusion criteria for the experimental group: (1) age > 70 years or < 40 years old; (2) unwilling to sign the informed consent; (3) long-term work outside the local area for 5 years or more; (4) various secondary KOA (5) Inflammatory arthritis (rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, spondyloarthritis, hemophilic arthritis, gout, etc.) , The above diagnosis must have a diagnosis certificate issued by a third-grade class-A hospital; (6) Those who have major systemic mental diseases such as diabetes, heart disease, infectious diseases, mental illness or do not cooperate. Inclusion criteria for the normal control group: (1) aged between 40 and 70 years old; (2) voluntarily participated in this research and signed the informed consent; (3) no history of knee arthritis, knee X-ray film KL Grading < 2. Exclusion criteria for normal control group: (1) age >70 years or <40 years old; (2) unwilling to sign the informed consent. this experiment adopts a voluntary democratic approach, and the participants in the health group should be between 62.5 ± 6.3 years old, requiring a total of 3 males and 5 females. The age of the affected group should be between 65.7 ± 4.6 years, and 4 men and 4 women would be required. In addition to the information mentioned above, the information in all other aspects of the two groups should remain the same, in order to ensure that there are no statistical differences in the final data between the two groups.  The knee joint synovial tissue was collected from both the experimental group and the control group, and RNA was immediately extracted and stored in a -80°C refrigerator. Before the start of the study, the informed consent of the patients was obtained and the informed consent was signed. The consent of the local hospital ethics committee (2018-007-1) was obtained before this project was carried out. A total of 1025 differentially expressed genes were detected by RNAseq. (log FC >1 and adj. P-value <0.01 were considered statistically significant.).
Both gene-related data were downloaded from GEO (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo). (Affymetrix GPL96, Affymetrix Human Genome U133A Array). The 3 datasets contain 28 KOA synovial samples and 28 normal samples, of which the GSE55235 datasets contains 10 synovial tissues of healthy joints and 10 synovial tissues of KOA joints, and the GSE55457 datasets contains 10 synovial tissues of healthy joints and 10 synovial tissues of KOA joints too. 
2.Identification of DEGs
The synovial tissue of each dataset sample was analyzed by using GEO2R(http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/geo2r), which is a web tool of GEO, and DEGs were finally screened. According to the adjusted P-values (adj. P) < 0. 01, logFC (fold change)>1 screen DEGs in synovial tissue of KOA and healthy controls in the three datasets. The DEGs of the three groups of data were analyzed by online database (http://bioinformatics. psb.ugent. be/ webtools/ Venn)
3. GO functional enrichment and KEGG pathway enrichment analyses of DEGs. 
Webgestalt (http://www.webgestalt.org) [11] is an online biological information database that translating gene lists into biological insights. Metascape (https://metascape.org/) is a web-based portal designed to provide a comprehensive gene list annotation and analysis resource for experimental biologists [12]. KEGG is a comprehensive database that integrates genomic, chemical functional, and systems information. One of the features and advantages of this database is the ability to correlate a fully sequenced catalog of genomic information with higher-level cellular and ecosystem functions [13]. With the increasing complexity and scale of biological research, GO analysis can provide unified description and proof of gene products, and is the most comprehensive annotation tool for gene function and products [14]. In order to be able to analyze the specific functions of DEGs, we also used online databases such as webgestalt and Metascape to perform biological analysis tests on samples, which were statistically significant only when the P< was 0.05. KEGG pathway visualization was analyzed using Pathview online tool [15].
4 PPI network construction and Hub genes selection 
Understanding the roles and mechanisms that exist between different proteins is of great significance to our understanding of the mechanisms of disease development and progression [16]. Select DEGs with an interaction score >0.4 for visualization in Cytoscape software[17]. Submodule analysis using the MCODE plugin to identify more connected genomes [18]. The standard settings are as follows: MCODE scores >5, degree cut-off=2, node score cut-off=0.2, Max depth=100 and k-score=2. 
Results
1.DEGs in synovial tissue of healthy controls and KOA patients
786 and 1048 DEGs were identified from the gene chip datasets GSE55457 and GSE55235, respectively. EG group were identified 1025 DEGs. From the results shown in Figure 1A, 49 overlapping DEGs are completely contained in 3 datasets. And it can be clearly seen that the synovial tissue provided by the KOA group and the normal group contains 13 upregulated genes and 36 downregulated genes.

Figure 1. Venn diagram. DEGs were selected with a fold change >2 and P-value <0.01 among the RNA expression profiling sets GSE55235, GSE55457 and EG. The 3 datasets showed an overlap of 49 genes.

2. GO and KEGG enrichment analyses of DEGs. 
The GO database results show that DEGs biological processes (BPs) are changing in many places. Including cell metabolism, multicellular reproduction, and cell development, obvious enrichment symptoms can be seen. Changes in molecular function (MF) are concentrated in protein-binding regions, including nucleic acid binding and iron binding. In addition, Figure 2 shows that the location of the change in the cellular composition (CC) of DEGs is in the cell membrane and nucleus. Figure 3 shows the results of Go and KEGG data analysis, and the differentially expressed genes affect the catalytic activity, which in turn controls the differentiation of epithelial cells. The specific enrichment network and related pathways are detailed in Figure 4-5.
3. network construction and Hub gene selection 
  Figure 6A shows the PPI network structure of DEG. It can be seen that a total of 3 genes are identified as central genes, with a degree of more than 10%. Figure 6B lists the names of these important genes, NR4A1, FOSL2, and ATF3.
Figure 2 The result of GO analysis with DEG obtained from patients with KOA. In the experiment, the biological processes that occur in cells, the cellular composition structure, and cell molecules are distinguished by different colors. Red represents biological processes, blue represents cellular components, and green represents molecular function. The color bar height indicates the number of IDs.

Figure 3 Results of DEG enrichment analysis for GO/KEGG were obtained from patients with KOA.

            
                     A                                      B
Figure 4. Network of enriched terms: (A) means coloring according to the cluster ID, so nodes that share the same ID are generally closer. (B) means that the color is based on the p-value, so this way can see whether it contains more genes according to the p-value.


Figure 5 Pathway and color of DEGs protein expression.
  
             6A                          6B
Figure 6A Protein-protein interaction network were analyzed using string.6B Hub genes was constructed using cytoscape 
Discussion
Knee osteoarthritis (KOA) is a musculoskeletal disease with a high risk of disability. At present, conservative treatment such as drugs is often used in the early stage of the disease, and there is no effective treatment plan except for joint replacement in the late stage [19-21]. The key to treatment is the identification of early non-dominant KOA. Molecular analysis of the pathological mechanism of KOA is the basis of individualized treatment [22]. Therefore, we focused on the molecular mechanism of KOA, hoping to provide a feasible solution for its treatment.
During the progression of KOA, the functional properties and structure of articular cartilage gradually change [23], such as articular cartilage degeneration, subchondral bone sclerosis, synovial inflammation, etc [24].There is an expert consensus that the wear of cartilage plays a key role in the development of the knee joint[25].however, knee osteoarthritis as a disease of progressive degeneration of the entire joint, with symptoms of synovitis accompanying the entire disease process[26], but in previous studies, less research on the synovium. Therefore, exploring the pathogenesis of synovitis may provide a new perspective for discovering the etiology and treatment of KOA.
Three datasets, GSE55235, GSE55457 and GE group, were included in this study. microarray datasets GSE55235 and GSE55457 were downloaded from Gene Expression Omnibus database. RNAseq was made in KOA and normal synovium (Experimental Group,EG). A total of 49 DEGs, 36 downregulated genes and 13 upregulated genes were identified in the above three datasets. In order to better understand the pathogenesis of synovitis symptoms, Webgestalt and metascape were used to enrich the data. From the test results of GO, DEGs are reflected in cell metabolism, multi-cell reproduction, and cell development. From the perspective of molecular function results, the enrichment changes are mainly reflected in the process of protein production, nucleic acid composition and iron synthesis. From the perspective of composition changes, it is reflected in the cell membrane and nucleus.
In this paper, by constructing the PPI network of DEG and performing visual analysis through Cytoscape, the Hub genes were identified according to the degrees of freedom. The results show that: FOSL2, NR4A1, ATF3 have the highest degrees of freedom, with degrees ≥10. Previous studie have shown the association of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within the FOSL2 promoter with the risk of Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, asthma, hay fever, and eczema. [27], additional research suggests that Fosl2 may play a role in the control of inflammatory diseases [28]. FOSL2 has been implicated in chondrocyte differentiation, metabolism, stress response and survival in articular cartilage [29]. However, there is no relevant evidence for the role of the gene in the synovium. According to another study, NR4A1 is involved in the apoptosis of osteoarthritis chondrocytes[30]. Atf3 is implicated in the pathogenesis of KOA through modulation of inflammatory cytokine expression in chondrocytes[31]. All three hub genes were found in synovial tissue for the first time, but the mechanism of action needs to be further verified.
This study still has several shortcomings: 1. We selected patients who were treated in Beijing Bo'ai Hospital, but we did not find the information of included patients in the GEO database. therefore, in the data analysis deviations may exist. 2. This study mainly reviews the results of previous studies, and relevant conclusions need to be determined by more prospective methods.
In conclusion, This study analyzed DEGs and hub genes in KOA synovial inflammatory. It will help us better understand the pathogenesis, role and development of KOA, and provide new treatment options for patients with KOA.
